Welcome to this lesson, lesson number one.
For today, we're gonna be checking how to
tell somebody about your family's job or occupation.
So, the first thing, what does your mom do?
What does your mom do?
Means, what's her job?
So, what does your mom do?
Repeat after me, say it with me.
What does your mom do?
Pretty good, nice, once more.
Excellent, excellent, pretty nice.
So, for this example, the answer is going
to be, my mom is a psychologist and she
has her own practice.
My mom is a psychologist and she has her
own practice.
Mi mamá es psicóloga y tiene su propio consultorio.
Okay, so say with me, my mom is a
psychologist and she has her own practice.
You?
Pretty good, excellent, nice, once more.
My mom is a psychologist and she has her
own practice.
You?
Pretty nice, excellent, good, good.
Now, and what's your sister's name?
What's your sister's name?
Your sister's name.
That means, what's the name of your sister?
Okay, so, what's your sister's name?
Say it with me.
You?
Pretty good, nice, once more
.
What's your sister's name?
You?
Pretty good.
So, the answer, my sister is Tasha and
she studies Russian.
Okay, so, you can say, my sister's name
is Tasha.
Or you can say, my sister is Tasha.
Okay, so, for this example, my sister is
Tasha and she studies Russian.
Mi hermana es Tasha y ella estudia Ruso.
Okay, say it with me.
My teacher, my sister studies, my sister
is Tasha and she studies Russian.
My sister is Tasha and she studies Russian.
You?
Pretty good, nice, once more.
My sister is Tasha and she studies Russian.
Pretty good, excellent, excellent, excellent.
So, the next one, and your dad, and your
dad, and your dad means ito papa.
Okay, so, and your dad, the person is
asking about your dad.
So, let's say, or this is the answer we
have for today and it's, my dad doesn't
play football.
Play football.
Okay, doesn't, doesn't play football.
Say it with me.
My dad doesn't play football.
You?
Again, my dad doesn't play football.
Pretty nice, excellent.
Check out the video and tell me in the
chat box and in the comments if you know
somebody that plays like that and if you
have a dad that plays like that.
Dime en los comentarios, mira el video y
me dices en los comentarios si conoces a
alguien que juega así o si tu papa juega así.
Your dad plays like that.
So, that was everything for today.
The word I have for you is this one.
Remember, you have the strength and
resilience to overcome any challenge.
Okay, strength and resilience to overcome
any challenge.
And there is an activity you have to do
for the club, for the community.
So, the activity, la comunidad, la
actividad que vas a hacer para la
comunidad is you're going to upload,
upload an image answering this question
on the audio.
Okay, you're going to listen to the
audio, listen to the audio and you're
going to upload an image answering to
that question.
Okay?
And remember that you have to make the
commentary of 15 words about this class.
Un comentario de 15 palabras mínimo
acerca de esta clase
.
Valoras también la clase.
And good news.
For today, we learned 28 words.
We practiced and learned 28 words.
Estos van a ser como nuestros records.
Lo que hicimos hoy, el récord de práctica.
28 words.
7 phrases and expressions.
And we developed vocabulary, speaking and listening.
Desarrollos, vocabulary, speaking and listening.
Congratulations.
That's all for today.
I love you and see you soon.